1. Create a git repository and clone it for changes and publish the changes using git bash.
2. Demonstrate the following ES6 features.
a. Arrow Functions
b. Destructuring
c. ES6 classes
d. Rest and Spread operators.
e. Function generators
3. Write a JavaScript program to check whether the given number is an absolute value or not
using async/await.
4. Write a JavaScript program to find the sum of digits of a given number using async/await.
5. Create Student Database in MongoDB and perform various CRUD operations.
6. Create a real-time database in firebase for the student management system and perform
various CRUD operations.
7. Write a node program for creating a directory, reading the data from a file, and writing the
data to the file within the directory.
8. Write a node program that creates two modules say count.js and app.js. export count.js and
import it in app.js.
9. Write a node program to work on the following modules.
a. Fs
b. Os
c. Http
d. Events
e. Streams and buffers
10. Write a node program to serve HTML and JSON to the client.
11. Write a node program to perform basic routing.
12. Write an express program to perform Routing.
13. Develop an Express application that responds to various routes (render EJS pages as a
response)
14. Create a REST API and perform various CRUD operations on that.
15. Develop a React application for demonstrating props and state management.
16. Develop a React application for demonstrating inline and external styles.
17. Develop a React application for demonstrating useSate and useEffect React Hook.
18. Develop a React application for demonstrating useContext and useRef React Hook.
19. Develop a React application for demonstrating onChange and onSubmit Event handler.
20. Create a registration page validating username and password using React.
21. Develop a React application for demonstrating Component life cycle methods.
22. Develop a React application for sending and receiving an array of objects in child component.
23. Create a React application to demonstrate passing data from child to parent component.
24. Create a React application for fetching API data using fetch API and axios
25.Successfully cloned
